 I will now give the floor to the political group starting with the EPP group, Sikrit Murashan. Mr. Murashan, you have the floor. Thank you very much, Madam President, President von der Leyen, President Michel. Welcome back to the European Parliament. Indeed, almost a year ago, Russia started what is an unjustified and unprovoked war in Ukraine. We have seen during this time that Russia knows no limits in harming people, but we have also seen that Europe can help people more than Russia can harm people. We have also seen the fundamental difference between the European model and the Russian autocratic model. We are a model that puts the citizen at the center of our action. We act for the citizens. Russia and all autocrats around the world act against the citizens. They use people just for will of political leadership. While Russia talks about the past, we prepare for the future. We are ready to modernize our countries to further develop, to provide jobs, to care for the people also in the future. We know that Russia is losing militarily. We see that Russia is losing economically, politically, and they have already lost morally. This is why the European model is the model that people have to look to, and the Russian model and any autocratic tendencies around the world are worth turning our backs upon them. This year will still be a difficult year for all of us, but we are also seeing the strength and the resilience of Europe. We see that unemployment is low, that people have jobs. We see that production is stable. We see that consumption is stable, and we see that EU member states are helping the most vulnerable people in the face of this crisis with fiscal measures, with measures to overcome well this winter, this period. We also see that the European Union has done its part. Just one week before Christmas, we have managed together, European Parliament, Council, and Commission to successfully conclude the negotiations on repower EU. This will help improve our infrastructure, further reduce our dependency on Russia, and it will bring European money to help companies in need and to help people in need. Last year, we have managed to reduce our dependency on Russian gas, on Russian energy. We have taken first measure to reduce prices of energy in Europe, and this year, with measures announced by the President with the measures that we're going to do together, buying together, storing together, we're going to make sure that prices remain predictable, controllable, no more price hikes in the future. This is good for the people in Europe, and it is bad for the Russian leadership. Competitiveness will also be important because we can only secure high standards of living, high social standards in Europe if our economy is strong, if there is global demands for our goods. This is why in the Conference on the Future of Europe, we have together agreed on the competitiveness check to make sure that any legislation that we put forward together in the future doesn't harm the competitiveness of our economies. European Parliament, National Parliament, Council, Commission, citizens, businesses support this, so let's work on this to make sure that it sees the light of the day. And yes, simplifying and financing the transition to the green economy will be key. This is what we have started last year. This is what we have to continue this year. Let's do this together. It is all about preparing and acting together to overcome this situation. We have done a lot. I think premises are good to overcome difficulties this year together. Thank you very much. Thank you so much, Mr. Moura-Shan. Next is Mr. Mark Angel for the S&D Group. Yes, thank you, Madam President, dear Commission President, Vice President, dear President, dear colleagues. The cost of the living crisis affecting our European citizens unfortunately persists, and we are therefore concerned that the European Council conclusions fail to prioritize the support for our citizens and the cushioning of the crisis social consequences. While we support the European Council's effort to safeguard Europe's industrial and also technological base, we urge the European Council not to neglect strong measures for households to bring the bills down. The Socialism Democrats believe that especially our vulnerable citizens must be protected from getting their electricity and their gas disconnected. No one should have to live in a cold home in the midst of this winter. More broadly, we need to strengthen European fiscal capacity, support employment and equality, as well as to facilitate investment to accelerate the just transition. Better working conditions for platform workers, a strengthened framework for fair taxation, and in economic governments that foresee a permanent fiscal capacity inspired by next generation, EU will support social and economic progress. We expect the Council to work on these files with urgency and with determinations. And now, more than ever, it is crucial that we remain all united in our unprecedented support to Ukraine. We should push for qualified majority voting in foreign policy decisions to respond to Putin's attempt to undermine our unity. Russia's disinformation campaigns and attempts to interfere with our democratic systems, as well as corruption allegations, show that we need vigorously defend our democracies from external threats, and we welcome the proposed joint actions. We must equally stand firmly behind the European perspective for Ukraine, for Georgia, and for the Republic of Moldova. In the Western Balkans, we must accelerate the enlargement process, and we must prove our credibility. We therefore welcome the decision to grant candidate status to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Further, we would like to reiterate that for the Socialists and Democrats, the rule of law is not negotiable. We deplore the practice of some member states that threaten to deploy vetoes on essential files to achieve a softer approach on the rule of law. And for my political group, it is also very crucial to uphold our core values when it comes to migration. We reject the narratives of fear, and we want to finally advance on finding sustainable solutions based on solidarity and the individual right of asylum. Madam President, this parliament and our union must remain strong, and we must remain united to face all these challenges. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Mr. Angel. I give the floor next on behalf to the Renew Europe group, the chair, Stefan Sejner. Thank you, Madam President, and happy birthday. Mr. President, Madam President of the Commission, I will perhaps take up the words of the President of the European Council. Good sense to have an action plan for our European industry, and in one word, to elaborate our response to the new American policy. Europe cannot be delayed, and the risk is real, and the risk is there of relocation and destruction of jobs. The observation has been made, including in this half cycle, during the last plenary. On the one hand, we have sectors on which we have invested a lot, invested a lot so that they can come back, reproduce, and concentrate our production in Europe. On the other hand, industries that are relocating at the moment on our continent could review their plans, and therefore a good market energy, a competitive environment, a high level of qualification, support for innovation, these are the foundations of our European industrial success, and we must act on all these plans to avoid, of course, the decryption. To achieve this goal, which must be imposed as an absolute priority of our action, each measure and each action plan must be carefully calibrated, our group has been carrying out three broad proposals for a few weeks now, and I would have liked to thank the President, because we had already discussed our proposals to review in your action plan a certain number of proposals that the United Europe Group formulated. First, we formulated a law for clean technologies, for competitiveness, for innovation in Europe, and the Net Zero Industries Act is actually a form of the realization of these proposals. We hope that this legislation will mark the end of the unending process and the bureaucracy for our entrepreneurs and our engineers. Three years for a hydrogen project, it is really no longer possible. We must accelerate the delivery of permits for renewables, and the production sites and this shock of competitiveness must not only concern the projects funded by the European Union, it must apply to everyone, and in particular, my group is sensitive to the PME. A European Fund for Sovereignty, you have all talked about it as well, it is also a request from the United Europe Group for a year. We have also addressed this point with the other groups in the European Parliament at the time of the half-mandate, and we had formulated it in a text. Obviously, the European financial response must be at the height of what the Americans have carried out. It is essential not to fragment our unique market, and we must allow our States, in particular, to invest in their industries, in the smallest ones, as in the largest ones. And finally, the new global partnerships, you have also addressed this, Madam President. I have the conviction that we must prioritize commerce with democracies and arm Europe in the case of different ones, in particular vis-à-vis China. The success of our European response will be a whole view. And I congratulate myself, in any case, that there is a package of responses, a package of responses that, dear colleagues, is at the heart of the group, since to protect our industry, the policies of competition, investment, public and private financing, international trade, are inseparable from each other. And too often, in this half-cycle, we hear such or such proposal that would be the panacea and the solution, miracle in every way. We have as conviction that we must act on all indicators of competitiveness and not only on one form of response. And this package of responses is a good solution. Madam President, dear colleagues, we must learn from these last years, we must succeed in the ecological transition if we do not produce more on our soil. 98%, it is a remarkable figure, 98% of photovoltaic panels cannot be produced in China in view of our European environmental policy. Iran poses a size challenge for us. Having good ideas is not enough. We must deploy quickly and at the same time a certain number of policies that you have developed. And I think it is good to the law that political groups, including here in this half-cycle, can commit to adopting these texts before summer. And I also propose to the Commission to send us these texts as soon as possible, since if the urgency is there, the European Union must respond with the necessary time. The time is needed to have European public policies as quickly as possible in response, especially to the IRA. And so we will commit to the European Union to adopt these texts as quickly as possible in the effectiveness of our international competitiveness policy. Thank you very much. Happy birthday again, Madam President. Thank you, Mr. President. Now I give the floor to Philippe Lambert for the Green Group. Good morning, dear colleagues. Mr. President of the Council and Madam President of the Commission, I would obviously like to wish you the best wishes of the Green Group for the European Free Alliance for 2023. You said, Mr. Michel, that 2023 would be a key year, but 2020 was a key year, 2021 was a key year, 2022 was a key year. And I am delighted to see that, in the face of all these key years, the unity and determination of Europeans has been good. And I think that the challenge we have here is to keep this collective dynamic, which is the only way for Europeans to preserve sovereignty, that is to say the ability to decide autonomously about our future. I would like to deliver with you a little exercise of political fiction. Imagine that in 2004, José Manuel Barroso had the initiative of his first mandate, to launch a European Green Deal. Ten years later, in 2014, Europe would have crossed the Russian fossil energy line and we could have taken the necessary sanctions against Vladimir Putin, perhaps in order to dissuade him from going further than the annexation of Crimea. Perhaps in 2022, the adoption, the delay of the United States to the climate emergency would have made us happy and we would have waited for it with our feet closed, because we were so ahead at that time that the competitiveness of our economy would not have been at risk. The vision was wrong. We had to wait under the Funderline for the Green Deal to be launched. And so we are confronted with an emergency and we will not lament the past. We are where we are, so what to do? The first thing I would say is, in any case, not to give up the ambition of the Green Deal. You said it, Madam President, I know that this Green Deal puts us all in discomfort, that is to say that we have to make extremely profound changes, extremely quickly, but it is also the discomfort that comes with the movement. And I want to prove it, the fact that the energy war that the Russian president is causing us has produced energy savings that not even the president of the Commission would have imagined. When you said less than 15%, we did better than that. In other words, when you put pressure, there is movement. And I think we have to accept that for a few more years we will be in discomfort, but it is this discomfort that will make us move. Second element, I understand that the situation of certain companies is put in difficulty by this discomfort. And if subsidies must be available, I would really like to insist that these subsidies are targeted. And I am indeed very concerned by the state of our public finances. And it is true that with Covid, we have flooded so widely that some companies that should not receive subsidies have received them. For example, I can receive a check in Belgium on August 1 when I do not need it. And so I think the urgency is to be targeted. Third point, I will, and it will surprise Manfred Weber, manifest my agreement with certain statements of the Swedish Prime Minister yesterday. It is true that one of the competitive factors for the European economy is investment in research and development. This is absolutely crucial. We are late on this. We are suffering again from a full-time capitalism. Instead of having an entrepreneur capitalism, we really need to boost research and development efforts because this is where the bases of future competitiveness are. Finally, I think we will not make the economy a continuation of a perennialization of this beautiful realization that is Next Gen EU. In other words, to respond to Covid, we found collective energy on the basis of a plan of the Commission and with an unanimity agreement with the Council, which was still not easy to obtain. We launched Next Gen EU. We think that doing it for three years is good, but it will have to be perennialized throughout the transition if we want to put the necessary public resources to make Europe the leader of the transition. And so I hope, in any case, that Next Gen EU will be perceived in particular in the Member States, net contributor, as a success, in a way that will convince them and convince us all that it is the voice of the future. Thank you. Thank you. The regulation of migratory flows. We welcome with pleasure the fact that in that meeting the bases were laid for a meeting in February that will address the issues of security and immigration. And I hope that in 2023 and that in this meeting the bases will be laid for a different approach compared to the past on this issue, which must be focused on reducing departures and on protecting external borders, only by reducing departures we will reduce the deaths in the sea and we will convince, on more reduced numbers, all European countries to talk about redistribution. As for the energy issue, which is the hottest one, I partially share what President Von der Leyen said. It is true that in these months, with difficulty, the European Union has moved, but perhaps the result and the condition less worse than what we expected in this winter is not so much due to the efficiency of the measures put in place, but rather due to exogenous and favourable conditions, not dependent on this. This must be a reason to strive to work in a more concrete way on two directions. One, that of energy autonomy, which is still far from being reached, and two, that of the evaluation of a green transition, which must be pragmatic and not ideological. And also regarding Russia, it is true that the measures have been quite efficient, but it is also true that Russian energy products, by turning the sanctions, continue to arrive in an important way in Europe. So we expect much more from this. And the last topic, Davos and the economy, the outlook presented in the first day is not a very positive outlook for Europe, even if, even in this field, the conditions seem to be less worse than we expected. Well, the revision of the State aid, but be careful, we must not only worry about competitiveness with countries outside the European Union, but we must preserve competitiveness within the continent and the integrity of the single market, which is certainly the greatest success of European integration. The data are worrying about the State aid. In the last year of the hundreds of billions of schemes approved by the Commission, 80% has concerned the two largest economies in Europe, and more than 50% the biggest. So the internal market is in danger. We expect concrete actions and on this we will also judge the action of European institutions in 2023. Thank you and good job. Thank you, Honorable Lezzanni. I give the floor now on behalf of the ECR Group to Beata Szydło. Mr. Chairman, Mr. President, Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I will start with what was found in the conclusions of the European Council, in the last conclusions. And what we assess in my political group as very positive decisions, above all, support for Ukraine. Indeed, almost a year has passed since the barbaric war that Putin spoke out against Ukraine. And this help that flows from the European Union is also extremely important and extremely necessary. Today Ukraine needs weapons. As a very thank you to Mr. President Michel for the declaration, which also here stated that such support should be given to Ukraine. Good information is also a reflection, very late, but there is this reflection that Europe, if it wants to be safe, must have the possibility of defense. So, close cooperation is known and finally the reconstruction of our defense industry, because what happened in many member states practically means disarmament. Today it is already clear that these were mistakes. But I also have to say something that is not in these conclusions, and what should be. Because today the European Union, all European institutions, all European bodies have faced a huge crisis of corruption. And we cannot be silent about it, because if we want to talk about taking decisions about the future, if we want to talk about energy transformation, if we want to talk about the fact that the decisions that are being made in the bodies and in European institutions must be credible, then we should do everything we can to clear the European Union from this corruption scandal, to explain all the issues and not give more basis to the fact that if in the European Union it is about the rule of law, then many of us have the feeling that it is only about the rule of law in many European countries that do not break the rule of law, only to cover up the affairs and breaking the rule of law here in the European Union. Thank you very much.